# Contributing

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue,
email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change. 

Please note we have a code of conduct, please follow it in all your interactions with the project.

## Code Style and Coding Practices

- Please ensure you follow [PEP 8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/) whenever possible.
- Ensure you include a docstring comment in each function so the purpose and behaviour can be easily understood. See the other functions for an example of this if needed.
- Ensure that you name variables and functions only used locally as _name (single underscore) as per PEP 8. 
- Ensure that you use professional language in the code & comments. For example, including swear words in the project is unprofessional. 

## Logging

- If you make new functions under existing classes, please ensure you use self._log.debug/info/exception("message") to write helpful logs throughout your function.
- For the first log your function would output, start off the message with "scriptname.py: message" where the script name is whichever file the function is created in. Following logs from the same function do not need to include this.
- If you need to create a new class, pass the L instance from text-script.py if possible. 

## Pull Request Process

1. Ensure any install or build dependencies (such as the build and dist folders generated by Pyinstaller) are not included in the          branch.
2. Update the README.md with any required details such as new features, important new information, or screenshots if needed.
3. Increase the text_script_version number in text-script.py and the README.md to the new version that this
   Pull Request would represent. The versioning scheme we use is [SemVer](http://semver.org/).
4. You may create a merge request and wait for one of the developers to review the changes and sign off on them. Once this is done, we will merge it into develop.
